Jesse Spencer-Smith: I'll have that for you in just one moment.
Jesse Spencer-Smith: Okay, passcode is 464.
Jesse Spencer-Smith: 543.
Jesse Spencer-Smith: No.
Jesse Spencer-Smith: No, I'll be sharing my screen, and go ahead and…
John Ellis: Oh yeah, the speakers, yeah. You're welcome. I'm just sharing it, I'm just human being…
John Ellis: No, okay, yeah.
John Ellis: Yeah, we can move those chairs a little bit.
John Ellis: Chair of smoothies? Yeah.
John Ellis: Still moved up to the front, you'll be able to see better.
John Ellis: Let's grate on top of it.
John Ellis: Because he's holding it here?
John Ellis: That's not relevant.
John Ellis: I've been listening to it now. Yeah.
John Ellis: So how I said, they just did a… to see it.
John Ellis: Please switch.
John Ellis: First, it was beginning.
John Ellis: Yeah, absolutely.
John Ellis: Excellent.
John Ellis: Yeah, yeah.
John Ellis: Yeah, I even practicing.
John Ellis: I'll take it.
John Ellis: is very interested in those, to see if I can use it.
John Ellis: Yes, and it's like… I can't see that anymore.
John Ellis: No wonder Phil's not fair yet.
John Ellis: Doctors, pastors.
John Ellis: Well, it's a temptation to use AI for making their service. Yeah, we don't want to do that. Yeah, so if they can regain that time, it's absolutely…
John Ellis: That's just chill.
John Ellis: So much it?
John Ellis: Yes, bye.
John Ellis: What?
John Ellis: So he's probably not read about that, but…
John Ellis: That's smart.
John Ellis: Let's just…
John Ellis: This is me.
John Ellis: Go to find your balance.
John Ellis: We do some weird essential research kits every year with my videos. Yeah.
John Ellis: So, this is the first time where we really just concentrated on… Yep, so it's,
John Ellis: And of course, this one is really important. So much has changed in the last… Yeah, exactly. You know, I usually teach that flight.
John Ellis: Oh, I realize. I've been using that for 4 years now.
John Ellis: No, I don't feel confident teaching it any tests, because there's so much news. Yeah, exactly. Well, I mean, we're going to be covering a lot here, so… and we'll have all the materials available, too, so… That's why. Maybe I have to be, like, the basis of it. But once again, not my love.
John Ellis: Tomorrow, you got one of the board agents in the morning. Yeah. Right, right, yes, exactly. Last time you spoke there, I missed it.
John Ellis: Oh, no! At least I'll learn the skills this afternoon. Oh, absolutely, absolutely. And we'll,
John Ellis: Yes, and like I said, we'll have really good materials on this as well, which then can be used. We'll go… we'll actually be talking about how to restructure these materials a little bit. Yeah, no, absolutely.
John Ellis: Oh, yeah, absolutely.
John Ellis: Okay, that'll swap right now.
John Ellis: Yes, Mrs.
John Ellis: Excellent.
John Ellis: It's no doubt.
John Ellis: We're going to be getting started up in just about 5 more minutes. We shifted our coffee break just a little bit, so we're going to be starting up in about 5 more minutes. Feel free to go ahead and get some more breakfast if you've not already had some, and some coffee as well.
John Ellis: Oh, yes.
John Ellis: sort of set out, so…
John Ellis: No, never stop. No, no.
John Ellis: relates to this, you're impossible. So…
John Ellis: newspapers. Because this was a research project that I worked on for several years, and I get all of the years I needed to research. And there are multiple best places to find historical music. Some of them are behind walls, some of them
John Ellis: the word outside, right? Yeah.
John Ellis: That's, that's one thing that I've come up with that would be really helpful. Absolutely, and yeah, Lisa, the interesting thing is that in addition to the, the… Oh, thank you, and that'll, that'll be fine, because I'll be walking around with it. Yes, thank you. Is, you know, absolutely, because models have the ability to,
John Ellis: Sort of go up to the front, figure out where the payoff is, and say, alright, you know.
John Ellis: need help with this. Right, right. Also include the documents and figure out, like, the different formats.
John Ellis: And actually figure out what two would be most appropriate to actually get materialistic, and then to assess materials as well, even though it's deja. You could say that this appears to be, you know, so I was using a model, actually, to look at, like, ancient Lithuanian, and some of it was handwritten Lithuanian, some of it was an imperial writing in the same document. Here's what's Connie Harris Portland. Here's a birth document.
John Ellis: So that's… it can be automated to the point where you can say, agent going to be able to tell us where there is those problems.
John Ellis: And then there is that whole issue of genealogical… Right, oh, absolutely. Oh, with the graphs. Right. You know, the Imperial Washington, and the Creek Lake, and the… Right. Which, somewhat… the Gemini model is very…
John Ellis: Gemini, is very good. Other models, not to mention. But, I mean, that's, that's the… Now, some of those are agent frameworks that you might actually have to, like, have help building, but you might use this on your own and say.
John Ellis: Right? We'll see some examples of, but, yeah, no, absolutely much more accessible than it was before. Good, good, good, good. Yeah.
John Ellis: And Fred Brown was the first woman ordained as a minister. Fantastic. And she's the person I've done a lot of research on, and I've done two exhibits in her case. And so, like I said, I didn't get through all of these things, because I was just… it took me forever just to look through stuff. Which was not you practicing the top of your license, right? You're like, how do I get it? How do I
John Ellis: I downloaded, now I gotta get it open. Now I can inspect them. But even then, you might be filtering, you might say, okay, what are the ones where you are, where it makes sense, you're certain, put those here, but the ones you're unsure, I want to see those right now. Yeah.
John Ellis: a source article that then distributed to all the newspapers in the United States, and they all run the same article. Right. And so be able to identify, okay, yep, same one.
John Ellis: Slight change in wording, but same quotes, same, yeah, thing, absolutely. All of that stuff is… Fantastic. Good, thank you. Absolutely.
John Ellis: to the staff.
John Ellis: It's a smartphone.